# Question
[link](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/maximize-the-topmost-element-after-k-moves/)

given a 0-indexed integer array nums representing the contents of a pile, where nums[0] is the topmost element of the pile.

In one move, you can perform either of the following:

- If the pile is not empty, remove the topmost element of the pile.
- If there are one or more removed elements, add any one of them back onto the pile. This element becomes the new topmost element.

You are also given an integer k, which denotes the total number of moves to be made.

Return the maximum value of the topmost element of the pile possible after exactly k moves. In case it is not possible to obtain a non-empty pile after k moves, return -1.

 

Example 1:
Input: nums = [5,2,2,4,0,6], k = 4
Output: 5
Explanation:
One of the ways we can end with 5 at the top of the pile after 4 moves is as follows:
- Step 1: Remove the topmost element = 5. The pile becomes [2,2,4,0,6].
- Step 2: Remove the topmost element = 2. The pile becomes [2,4,0,6].
- Step 3: Remove the topmost element = 2. The pile becomes [4,0,6].
- Step 4: Add 5 back onto the pile. The pile becomes [5,4,0,6].
Note that this is not the only way to end with 5 at the top of the pile. It can be shown that 5 is the largest answer possible after 4 moves.

Example 2:
Input: nums = [2], k = 1
Output: -1
Explanation: 
In the first move, our only option is to pop the topmost element of the pile.
Since it is not possible to obtain a non-empty pile after one move, we return -1.
 

Constraints:
- $1 <= nums.length <= 10^5$
- $0 <= nums[i], k <= 10^9$

# Analysis
分类讨论
1. 什么时候返回-1？$\text{nums.length} = 1$，
	-  k 是偶数，那么栈里存在 1个元素；
	-  k 是奇数，那么栈里一定没有任何元素，返回 -1。

2. 否则，栈顶元素可以是：
	- $\text{nums}$ 的前 k−1 个数的最大值；
	- $\text{nums}$ 的第 k+1 个数（如果有，此时出栈前 k 个数即可）；
	- 注意，$\text{nums}$ 的第 k 个数永远不会出现在栈顶。

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int maximumTop(vector<int>& nums, int k) {
        const int n = nums.size();
        if (n == 1) {
            return  k % 2 == 0 ? nums[0] : -1;
        }

        int mx = 0;
        for (int i = 0; i < n && i < k - 1; i++)
            mx = max(mx, nums[i]);

        if (k < n) mx = max(mx, nums[k]);

        return mx;
    }
};
```